Handle case when session storage is blocked (#10848)
remix-run/react-router: .changeset/soft-forks-cough.md

---
"react-router-dom": patch
---

> Gracefully handle cases where sessionStorage is unavailable when using ScrollRestoration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log a warning and fail gracefully in `ScrollRestoration` when `sessionStorage` is unavailable
```
